It's not that I don't like it.
I didn't know.
Don't you know?
Have we cooperated with Huacan Group?
We will soon become
Make one of the best families
Jiangqin, do you really think you are awesome?
I just cooperated with Huacan Group.
I will tell you the piano.
Destroying a river is just a matter of my words
speak out
I know you're just trying to support this trash
But this support depends on strength
Rather than relying on the old to sell the old
How do you talk to grandpa?
You, I didn't admit that he was my grandfather, did I?
It's only you, a poor man, who doesn't dislike his poor grandson.
I thought your Jiang family
Organize a birthday party for Can'er
Is accepted
But now it seems
You have made him suffer even more grievances
Fill him with blood
For the dog to be so ignorant
Talk about
There's no need to stay
You really think you're some kind of big shot
If you're really that good
I wouldn't give your eldest grandson two broken eggs
Birthday present
My grandfather boiled the eggs for me
That's worth more than anything
want
According to you
This broken egg
It's worth more than my Porsche, yeah.
Mr. Chen
Birthday gifts to Qingfeng Villa Villa 10 sets
Bible jade ruyi pair
A Shadow sports car